hello again everyone now I'm back again
with one another my series of 'deck
reviews what I have today is the bicycle
clear 100% plastic deck
these cards are standard size standard
poker size the the indexes are obviously
different because these are clear cards
and these are made in China and by the
end they have a marker writing on the
back the United States playing card
company Cincinnati Ohio with a barcode
on the back you know nothing too
thrilling this nice case though
definitely give it that I'm going to do
a quick review of these like I said it
comes with a nice hard plastic clamshell
type case which is which is kind of cool
but the deck it's kind of heavy
being clear plastic it's kind of a heavy
day the cards are really really thin
these are not like the the prestige that
are a little bit thicker and have a like
a paper feel to them these do not these
are really really smooth and really
really they're really really slick some
of the go through some of the cards with
you the aces basically have just a pip
in the center
I'll use the ace of spades and it's
usually the one that's supposed to look
the best as you can see there's really
nothing thrilling about it I mean it's
it's an ace and you can see it has the
the pips and the corners and then the
suit and the other corners and just one
one pip in the middle which which
dictates that it's an ace the other
regular cards would be similar to that
with the the numbers in the in the two
corners the pips and the opposite
corners and then the number of pips
based on what the card is in this case
it's a seven you see they put seven
Diamond pips in the center there which
obviously you cannot see from the other
side because they're hidden behind that
the deck comes with two jokers that are
kind of kind of nifty
I'll do the Joker's first and then I'll
get to the court cards The Joker's if I
can find them here we go
it comes with two of them like any other
standard bicycle deck but these are one
is different from the other you have the
one with the white background in the
blue Joker and this one has the blue
background with the white Joker
so the Joker's are a little bit
different kind of cool the court cards
unlike your regular cards actually have
a face in the center I'll show you the
kehna this is the king the hard sphere
there's actually a face in the center of
it once again with the pips and the
corners with the letter and then this
the soup it's on the on the other
corners there so that is your face cards
these cards do not fan as you can see
good luck with that I don't know if
Fanning powder would help them or not
but they just they just stick together
when you try to fan them and it's
probably because of the ink on there
there's really no finish over the top of
the ink spreading them if you're really
gentle and you really take your time you
can get them to spread a little bit not
the best
I definitely probably wouldn't suggest
these for magic at all just because
they're because they do stick together
like that when you try to fan and do
stuff like that ferrule shuffling you
can mess around with that a little bit
they do ferrule pretty well they just
kind of slide together nice and easy
as you can see but other than that other
than maybe using them for a local poker
game or you know just sitting around the
house messing you know with your friends
or family or whatever playing a card
game of some sort they would be great
for that I wouldn't recommend them for
any kind of magic or flourishes or
anything like that so that is basically
your bicycle clear deck out of percent
like I said they're very very thin great
because you can wash them off and you
know keep them clean and they'll always
be good I did notice on
I'll throw this out there real quick I
noticed when I was thumbing through
these earlier my ace of clubs and I
haven't used this deck I don't I just
basically bought it just because it was
out there there was a deck and you know
I'm a collector of decks but I noticed
and you can take a look at the ace of
clubs the top of the PIP where it looks
like part of the ink is gone right up
here I don't know if it chipped off or
scratched off or what happened but I
notice it if it's gone it might just be
a printing error from from the factory
as well so that's hard to say but they'd
be okay
I wouldn't recommend them over over the
door flex the bicycle prestige plastic
cards are really really sweet and you
can actually you can actually spread
those you can actually do something with
those and they have a nicer back and
nicer fronts obviously and they have a
nice paper light feel but this is just
the bicycle clear hundred percent
plastic regular size regular size cards
are the same size as your regular
playing cards so that is the bicycle
plastic clear plastic deck please rate
and and comment on this deck and I also
have many other deck reviews as well as
tricks and tutorials for private viewing
as well so please subscribe to my
channel thank you very much for watching
this video and have a great day
you